write a program to play a melody using the buzzer connected to P0.26 pin of LPC23XX keil board. Use the timer interrupt to play the sound wave file.if it can'nt play the complete file before the next interrupt,play from the begining.
Create an embedded system on the Keil development board that monitors environmental parameters using sensors such as temperature and humidity. Implement a real-time system with processes responsible for data acquisition, processing, and communication. Integrate an actuator, like an LED or a buzzer, to indicate critical conditions.critical condition has to be indicated within specified time (say 1ms).
Write a program to communicate with another LPC23XX keil board using UART module. Send and receive a string of characters and display it on LCD.there should be time limit of every character being displayed on the  lcd screen(say 1us) else the character should be dropped.
Interface three leds to the board.
All the led should blink with different delays that is it must perform multi tasking and the third led should turn on when button is pressed twice.if the time between  the two button pressed is more than 1ms fourth led should glow.led 1- 100ms,led 2- 115ms, All these task should happen simultaneously.                                
count and display digits 0-9 in a round robin fashion using led's, 2) toggle two numbers on the LED every one second, 3) keep incrementing a global counter between 0-255, and 4) keep decrementing another global counter between 255-0.if time out of 1s occurrs or a key is pressed,start from the begining                            
write a program that uses Semaphores. In your program, create two threads. Each thread’s task is to generate a random number between 0-9 and print on the GLCD that many times the letter “A” (by Thread 1 on row one of the GLCD display) or letter “B” (by Thread 2 on row two of the GLCD display). Each time a thread writes on its row, first it must clean the row (in this way letters are not displayed from previous iterations, if the new random number in current iteration is smaller). Use semaphores to synchronize the two threads: each of the threads must Wait with the writing to the GLCD until it hears from the other thread and must Signal the other thread once done with its own writing – so that the other thread can proceed with its own writing, and so on.A thread should come out of the semaphore with the timeout of 5sec.
Write a program to control a servo motor connected to P0.7 using LPC23XX keil board using pot to vary the duty cycle to change angle of servo motor.If the pot is moved to the last quarter,the servo motor should be switchedoff within a specified time.
